they're racing in the debye duty-free
and trade storm immediately drop back
dank going back and just away not
showing a great deal of place tako halo
came out very quickly went looking for
the lead educate blazing speed tears a
day and the feud not far away but sure
was settling midfield on the inside of
Ana Arabia then Vercingetorix who's out
three wide logotype for deep outside of
that group two and a half lengths to
hunters light on the outside of just
away tank his second last and trade
storm two and a half lengths back at the
tail of the field took Oh halo the
leader down the back leaving the first
400 behind in 25 flat toko halo takes
them to the back bend and the 1000
meters pig leading by a neat length
blazing's fleet has gone to second
educate third the feud three-quarters of
a length away fourth there's a daze out
wide going forward Monsieur wish on the
rail then Ana a row Bo logotype followed
by hunters light Vercingetorix is in the
second half of the field tanks on the
rail just away his second last and trade
storm whip the duty-free filled in as
they came onto the bandwidth 500 meters
left to run toko halo in front Hunter's
Light has made a quick bid to get to
second first sim get Oryx followed him
forward he's about to launch a claim and
just away went forward behind the king
of the girls and just a way for Japan
sprinted coming to the 250 meters mark
and just a way dashed away from
Vercingetorix they're clear of ana
Arabia and Majoris but just away was
hyped and the hype is right just away a
big big winner of the debye duty free
from Vercingetorix dank has come from a
mile back for third but sure was fourth
and then Ana Arabia logotype Tokyo halo
hunters light blazing speed hazard a
trade storm the fugue and educate was
last in the by duty-free of 2014